Hitchhike at least 5 car manufacturers.
Give a hug to three reststop-employees.
Drink a beer with someone with a mullet.
Exchange a piece of clothing with a driver.
Meet another team.
Hitchhike an Oldtimer (car with a H-numberplate).
Hitchhike a convertible.
Tag the reststop Holmmoor with a sticker.
Find an Easter Egg in the garden of Moortwiete 24 in 25479 Ellerau.
Hitchhike a farming vehicle.
Ride an animal.
Take a lift for at least 100km distance.
A lift has a moustache.
Get in a traffic jam.
Your lift gets lost.
Your lift invites you for coffee (without asking!).
Your lift has a Wikipedia-entry.
The lift has a non-German numberplate.
The numberplate is a word (that's in the German Duden).
Organize a lift for another Hitchhiker.
Hitchhike a Porsche.
The lift has a trailer with another vehicle on it.
You can choose between two lifts.
You hitchhike with an NDR-Television Crew.
The Lift knows "Tramprennen".
You spend the night at a reststop.
Your lift never took hitchhikers before.
The lift does not speak German or English.
A lift joins you and comes to the party on Saturday.
You dance with your lift on the reststop.
You forget your map in the lift.
You cross border.
A lift takes you onto three different highways.
A lift gets you a connecting lift.
You organize a new lift while driving.
The driver hitchhiked him/herself.
You meet relatives of Peter Pony (a large stuffed animal).
You wait for more than 120 minutes.
You receive a business card from lift.
Hitchhike a truck.
Your lift only wants to "go to the next exit". You go there as well.
Your lift says "We are full". You get in!
Your driver is over 70 years of age.
During the entire weekend do not hitch a VW.
You have been standing in the rain for at least 10 minutes.
Hitchhike a motorhome or a bus.
Get a lift with a piece of cardboard that reads "Korea".
Eat Easter Eggs with a lift.
It's Easter: Hide something at the reststop and your lift has to find it.
More than 50km off the highway.
You tell a joke in the car and noone laughs.
You give away flowers at a reststop.
During the entire competition do not hitch the A7 between Hamburg & Kiel.
Take a picture with a bunny rabbit.
Take a picture with a living cow.
Help a lift with a task in or around the house.
Bring some Sand from a beach.
Hitchhike with a band.
Hitchhike with a cop.
Play "Topfschlagen" (Hit the pot) with a lift.
Find a Tramprennen-Sticker.
Attempt to walk over water and make a video-proof.
Hand-craft an easter nest and bring it.
Drink a coffee in a village with less than 500 inhabitants.
Hitchhike a multicolored car.
Hitchhike a ferry boat.
Get professional photographs taken.
Take part at a family meal.
Split wood with an axe (Photographic proof!).
Finish 3 missions with one lift.
Bath in a lake/sea.
Your lift has got dumbbells in the trunk and you pump some iron.
The driver says without being asked to "Hitchhikers have become rare, no?"
Your driver knows the capital city of Ethiopia.
The driver is an FC Bayern fan and symphathizes with Uli Hoeneß.
The radio plays Lykke Li's "I follow Rivers" and you sing along.
The lift is a teacher.
You start singing out loud in the car (at least one minute).
